# ArrayList- The underlying Data structure Resizable Array or Growable Array- Duplicate are allowed- Insertion Order is preserved- Heterogeneous Objects are allowed [ Except Treeset and TreeMap  everywhere heterogeneous Objects are allowed ].- Null insertion is possible## Constructor- 1.ArrayList al = new ArrayList(); Creates an empty Arraylist object with default initial capacity 10. Oce Arraylist reaches its max capacity a new Arraylist will be created with new Capacity = (currentCapacity * 3/2)+1- 2. ArrayList al = new Arraylist(int Capacity); // if we know the predefined size- 3. Arraylist al = new Arraylist(Collection c);>>  Collection is used to hold data and to transfer across networks. In C++ , this is nothing but Container. Collection extends Serializable Interface or Collections Class implements Serializable Interface. When we transfer a collection class over network, and when we receive the collection object from Network, we can’t perform an operation on the object, there may be an error, then we will lose the data. So we just create an exact copy of the Object by using the Clone Method.>> Every Collection class implements Serializable and Cloneable Interface>> Arraylist and Vector implements RandomAccess Interface, it is a marker InterfaceAny random element , we can access at the same speed.- Hence If our frequent operation is retrieval then Arraylist is the best Choice. ## Structure- Collection    - List        - ArrayList        - LinkedList        - Vector - Stack    ## How ArrayList Works internally- ArrayList a = new ArrayList()- It create an Array with size 10 internally- When we add 10 elements, then if we add another element-  But the size is 10, internally another array will be created with bigger size = current capacity*3/2 + 1- And it will copy all the elements to the new array with bigger size- ArrayList implements gorwable array or dynamic array- The older array will be garbage collected## How add method works```ArrayLyst al = new ArrayList();al.add("abc");al.add("def");al.add("asas");al.add("gfd");if we call al.add(1, sss);```- In the above case, it will add at the 2nd position, what will happen to the element present in 2nd position- It will shift to 3rd position, similarly, all the elements will be shift to right- It will take lot of time>> If the frequent operation is insertion then arraylist is not recommended.> 