# Array- How to find the missing number in integer array of 1 to 100?- How to find duplicate number on Integer array in Java?- How to check if array contains a number in Java? - How to find largest and smallest number in unsorted array?- How to find all pairs on integer array whose sum is equal to given number ?- How to find repeated numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates ?- Write a program to remove duplicates from array in Java?- How to sort an array in place using QuickSort algorithm?- Write a program to find intersection of two sorted arrays in Java?- There is an array with every element repeated twice except one. Find that element?- How to find kth smallest element in unsorted array?- How to find kth largest element in unsorted array?- How to find common elements in three sorted array?- How find the first repeating element in an array of integers?- How to find first non-repeating element in array of integers?- How to find top two numbers from an integer array?- How to find the smallest positive integer value that cannot be represented as sum of any subset of a given array?- How to rearrange array in alternating positive and negative number?- How to find if there is a sub array with sum equal to zero?- How to remove duplicates from array in place?- How to remove a given element from array in Java?- How to merge sorted array?- How to find sub array with maximum sum in an array of positive and negative number?- How to find sub array with largest product in array of both positive and negative number?- Write a program to find length of longest consecutive sequence in array of integers?- How to find minimum value in a rotated sorted array?- Given an array of of size n and a number k, find all elements that appear more than n/k times?- How to reverse array in place in Java?- Difference between array and linked list data structure?- How to check if array contains a duplicate number?