# Hashmap- Store values as key value pair - Contains only unique keys.- May have one null key and multiple null values.- It is non synchronized.- It maintains no order.- The initial default capacity of Java HashMap class is 16 with a load factor of 0.75.- HashMap class extends AbstractMap class and implements Map interface.- Default size of map is 16, but the load factor is 0.75, this means when 75% of the map is full, - then double size of the hashmap will be created## How HashMap works internally- Map<String,Integer> map = new HashMap();- When you create an instance of HashMap, it will create 16 buckets by default.- Each bucket is known as Node (A linked list having 4 fields)    - 1. Hash    - 2. Key    - 3. Value    - 4. Next Node<K,V>(the hash of the next bucket)- WHen you call put method- ```    map.put("ab",1);  ```- Here the hashCode method create the hash of the key - ab.## How put method works- When you call ```map.put("ab",1);```, the hashcode of the key will be generate and store in the node- index = Index = hashcode(Key) & (n-1) - as per the index, it will put the element into that node## What happen if the hashcode of 2 key are same```        String s1 = "FB";        String s2 = "ea";        map.put(s1,111);        map.put("s2",222);        // now s1 and s2 hashcode will be same and how it's behave        // after debugging at the end of the program        // this is known as hash colision```- When the hashcode of 2 key are same, this is known as hash collision- In this case, first at some index, first value will be loaded with the 4 values(hash, key, value, next)- next is nothing but the hash of the second key, this means, it will create another linked list with the other values (hash, key, value, next)## What happens when we try to enter 2 same key```        String s1 = "aa";        String s2 = "aa";        map.put(s1,111);        map.put("s2",222);        // now s1 and s2 hashcode will be same and how it's behave        // after debugging at the end of the program        // this is known as hash colision``` - With duplicate key, it will be update it's value which we pass later- In this case, 111 replaced with 222## What happens when we enter null key- If the key is null, it will always go to 0th position of the map## How get method works in hashmap- map.get(key)- This method will calculate the hashcode of the key and by formula, it will get the index of the hash- In that index there will be a linked list with 4 values(hash, key, value, next)- It will check the hash of the key with the hash of the node (linked list) key, then it will check the key with the key inside the node (linked list)- Now both the values matching and it will return the value of the node, that is the 3 item of the linked list## What happens when same hashcode key are present in the linked list- It will check the hash of the key passed to the get method- Though both the hash is same, now it will check the key of the first node, if it matches, it will return the value- If the key does not match, it will jump to the next node using the next element in the hashmap- It will check the key and if matches, it will return the value